# SEL-3355 Specifications

Use these specifications as a starting point when selecting hardware. The guidance for other projects is general, but individual projects may have requirements that affect how the hardware is configured.

****
Base
****

Radian Generation sets the IT standards for DESRI projects. Radian standards require servers to have dual power supplies.

Operating system
================

:DESRI projects: Microsoft Windows Server 2022 Standard
:Other projects: Microsoft Windows 11 IoT Enterprise 2024 LTSC

Chassis and mounting
====================

:All projects: 3U Horizontal Rack Mount

Processor
=========

:All projects: Intel Xeon E3-1505M Quad Core 2.8 Ghz

Power Supply A
==============

:All projects: SEL-9331: 125–250 Vdc or 120–240 Vac, Euro Terminal Block

Power Supply A Line Cord
========================

:All projects: None

Power Supply B
==============

:DESRI projects: SEL-9331: 125–250 Vdc or 120–240 Vac, Euro Terminal Block
:Other projects: None

Power Supply B Line Cord
========================

:All projects: None

RAM
===

:All projects: 16 GB DDR4 2133 MHz ECC

*******
Storage
*******

Make a determination of whether the server will need to perform any DFR duties. We should assume that the server needs to record synchrophasor data using SEL-5073 software, unless there is a separate Tesla DFR that would act as a phasor data concentrator (PDC).

Basic system
============

If the server is not required to perform DFR duties and the server does not have any other well-defined uses, configure the system with a minimum of 128 GB of SLC storage in SSD Slot 1.

System with SEL-5073 synchroWAVe PDC
====================================

If the server will need to record synchrophasors with SEL-5073 synchroWAVe PDC, select

Single-Transformer Substation
-----------------------------


:SSD RAID Configuration: RAID 1 - SSDs Slot 1 and Slot 2
:SSD Slot 1: SLC 128 GB Industrial Grade SSD
:SSD Slot 2: SLC 128 GB Industrial Grade SSD

Additional SSD slots may be left empty.

Double-Transformer Substation
-----------------------------

:SSD RAID Configuration: RAID 1 - SSDs Slot 1 and Slot 2
:SSD Slot 1: SLC 256 GB Industrial Grade SSD
:SSD Slot 2: SLC 256 GB Industrial Grade SSD

Additional SSD slots may be left empty.


System with SEL-5045 TEAM and SEL-5073 synchroWAVe PDC
======================================================

If the server will need to record events and SOE reports with SEL-5045 TEAM and record synchrophasors with SEL-5073 synchroWAVe PDC, select

:SSD RAID Configuration: RAID 1 - SSDs Slot 1 and Slot 2
:SSD Slot 1: SLC 256 GB Industrial Grade SSD
:SSD Slot 2: SLC 256 GB Industrial Grade SSD

Additional SSD slots may be left empty.

*********
Expansion
*********

The selections in this group are a function of whether the server will have redundant connections for the main data connection, i.e. the connection used for the Engineering VLAN.

Generally, DESRI projects will use redundant connections.

In a non-redundant design, Eth 1 would be used for the Engineering VLAN and Intel AMT connections and Eth 2 would be used for the troubleshooting/packet capture connection.

In a redundant design, Eth 1 would be used for the Intel AMT connection, Eth 2 would be used for the troubleshooting/packet capture connection, and Eth 7 and 8 would be used for the Engineering VLAN connections.

Eth 7 and Eth 8 would be the names of the bottom two ports on the Ethernet card in PCI Slot 4.

For the configuration options on this page, leave all fields as :guilabel:`None` unless noted otherwise.

PCI Slot 2
==========

All systems should come with a serial card so that the first port of the card in PCI Slot 2 can be used as an IRIG-B input.

:All projects: SEL-3390S8 PCIe Serial Card 

PCI Slot 4
==========

:Non-redundant: Leave blank
:Redundant: SEL-3390E4 PCIe Ethernet Card


Slot 4 - Port Configuration
===========================

:Non-redundant: Leave blank
:Redundant: 4 RJ-45 10/100/1000

*********
Blueframe
*********

This server is used for Windows, and hence none of the options in this section should be selected.

****************
Windows Software
****************

Leave fields blank unless noted otherwise.

SEL Compass
===========

:All projects: SEL-Compass [LATEST]

SEL-5030 QuickSet
=================

:All projects: SEL-5030 acSELerator QuickSet [LATEST]

SEL-5033 acSELerator RTAC
=========================

:All projects: SEL-5033 acSELerator RTAC [LATEST]

SEL-5073 synchroWAVe PDC
========================

:Projects using SEL-5073: SEL-5073 synchroWAVe Phasor Data Concentrator (PDC) - Base + Archiving [LATEST]
:Other projects: None

SEL-5815 PRP Driver for Windows
===============================

If this server will be used in a PRP setup, select :guilabel:`SEL-5815 PRP Driver for Windows [LATEST]`. Otherwise, leave set to :guilabel:`None`.
